Renaming AI feature (#6205)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-copilot-data.md

--- 
title: "dbt Copilot privacy and data" 
sidebar_label: "dbt Copilot privacy" 
description: "dbt Copilot is a powerful AI engine to help you deliver data that works." 
---

# dbt Copilot privacy and data <Lifecycle status='beta'/>

dbt Labs is committed to protecting your privacy and data. This page provides information about how the dbt Copilot AI engine handles your data.

#### Is my data used by dbt Labs to train AI models?
  
No, dbt Copilot does not use client warehouse data to train any AI models. It uses API calls to an AI provider.

#### Does dbt Labs share my personal data with third parties

dbt Labs only shares client personal information as needed to perform the services, under client instructions, or for legal, tax, or compliance reasons.

#### Does dbt Copilot store or use personal data?

> The user clicks the AI assist button, and the user does not otherwise enter data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user clicks the dbt Copilot button, and the user does not otherwise enter data. 
```

Author: nice catch!! <3
